this program contains flashing images
[Music]
10 9 8 7
6 5 4 3
2 1.
[Music]
so
in the year of 2020 a new virus came our
way
we knew what must be done and so to help
we hid away
old habits became extinct and they made
way for the new
and every simple act of kindness was now
given it's due
the nightingale hospital based at the
excel exhibition center in london
was constructed in just nine days
buildings were lit up in blue
the colour of the nhs
i will leave them
[Music]
[Applause]
thousands of people open their windows
and doors to applaud nhs staff who are
working on the front line of this
coronavirus crisis
in residential streets across the uk
people have come onto their doorsteps
to clap for carers
thank you nhs heroes
[Music]
[Applause]
is
captain tom moore set out to raise 1 000
pounds for the nhs he's raised just a
little bit more than that
he's a 99-yard war best he's a one-man
fundraising machine
[Music]
i'll be there
thank you all very much
[Music]
hello
we're living in a world now where
working from home that teleworking
phenomenon is something we all have to
deal with let's just join you into the
meeting
yes i can see you hang on
no you're on mute
[Applause]
[Music]
so many of the nurses and doctors and
consultants as well as cleaners
the helping hands guiding us through
this storm a black
asian minority ethnic the future holds
unexposed danger but no stress
humankind is no stranger to progress
and as we've proven when we collaborate
progress follows fast
this is one voice with one message
black lives matter
[Music]
you came and saved me
2020 a year we will never forget
but we can make the new year a year of
hope
[Music]
make you wanna move
[Applause]
ah
i can't sleep
[Music]
[Applause]
god
oh
[Music]
emotions
so
[Music]
happy new year our planet
is unique a living world of diversity
and wonder it's also fragile
with a new year comes the opportunity
for change
and if we act in 2021
we can make a world of difference
together
we can turn things around together
we can restore our fragile home
and make it a happy new year for all the
inhabitants
of planet earth
[Music]